README.md, before:

# TITLE 
<img src="https://github.com/Dave-Sterry.png" width="200px" height="auto">

### A website by David Sterry updated on -----

## Description

_Insert Descrption_

The site can be viewed [here](insert gh pages link)

## Setup Instructions
1. User will need to have an up to date browser installed such as Chrome of Firefox
2. Using the browser navigate to the [gh-pages](gh pages link) for this project
2. Alternatively use the browser navigate to my GitHub page [respository](portfolio link for this site
3. Click the Green **Code** button and select **Download Zip**
4. Unzip the downloaded folder
5. Open the _index.html_ file to view the site locally

## Known Bugs
There are no known bugs at this time

## Specs
Describe ToDoList()

Test: It will take inputed errands  and them to the ToDoList array
Expect: ToDoList(errand).toEqual([errands])

Describe: Task()

Test: It will user input and add input as a task 
Expect: Task(errand).toEqual(Grocery Shopping)

Test: It will take user input and display as a string
Expect: Task.displayErrand.toEqual("I need to go grocery shopping")




## Contact and Support details

_Please contact me at sterry.david@gmail.com in regards to this website_

## Techknowlogies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Git
* Bootstrap
* Visual Studios Code

# License

This project is licensed under **MIT 2.0**

Copyright (c) 2020 **David Sterry**

Commit message:

update readme and test delete and find
Co-authored-by: Agata Kolodziej <agatakolohe@gmail.com>"

README.md, after:

# TITLE 
<img src="https://github.com/Dave-Sterry.png" width="200px" height="auto">

### A website by David Sterry and Agata Kolodziej updated on 01/02/20

## Description

_A simple To Do List website to learn about Constructor and Prototype methods"

The site can be viewed [here](insert gh pages link)

## Setup Instructions
1. User will need to have an up to date browser installed such as Chrome of Firefox
2. Using the browser navigate to the [gh-pages](gh pages link) for this project
2. Alternatively use the browser navigate to my GitHub page [respository](portfolio link for this site
3. Click the Green **Code** button and select **Download Zip**
4. Unzip the downloaded folder
5. Open the _index.html_ file to view the site locally

## Known Bugs
There are no known bugs at this time

## Specs
Describe ToDoList()

Test: It will take inputed errands  and them to the ToDoList array
Expect: ToDoList(errand).toEqual([errands])

Describe: Task()

Test: It will user input and add input as a task 
Expect: Task(errand).toEqual(Grocery Shopping)

Test: It will take user input and display as a string
Expect: Task.displayErrand.toEqual("I need to go grocery shopping")




## Contact and Support details

_Please contact me at sterry.david@gmail.com in regards to this website_

## Techknowlogies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Git
* Bootstrap
* Visual Studios Code

# License

This project is licensed under **MIT 2.0**

Copyright (c) 2020 **David Sterry Agata Kolodziej**
